Add known limitation for waitForEvent in clause stripping (#1534)
inngest/website: pages/docs/reference/typescript/v4/functions/step-wait-for-event.mdx

<Callout>
  `step.waitForEvent()` must be called using `await` or some other Promise handler to ensure your function sleeps correctly.
</Callout>

<Callout variant="warning">

>   **Known limitation with `in` clauses:** When using the `if` option with CEL expressions, the `in` operator (for example, `async.data.function_id in ["a", "b"]`) may be silently stripped from the expression under certain conditions, causing your `waitForEvent` to match more broadly than intended. As a workaround, use multiple equality checks with `||` instead:

Reviewer: Would it be better to wholesale say it's not supported, instead of framing it as a workaround? 🤔

Author: I think we can say its not supported. If someone needs a work around we can keep this in the back pocket or something. Or just negate it all together.

Reviewer 2: Hey @Benanna2019 - I think Linell has a point in terms of language. We should phrase it more directly, as in "
```suggestion
  **No `in` operator support. Use multiple equality checks with `||` instead.** CEL's `in` operator is not supported with `if` expressions, instead, use multiple equality checks (`==`) with an or operator (`||`) to achieve the same result.
```

  {`// Instead of:
  // async.data.function_id in ["app-test-a", "app-test-b"]
  // Use:

>   (async.data.function_id == "app-test-a" || async.data.function_id == "app-test-b")`}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  {`// Do not use this:
  // async.data.function_id in ["app-test-a", "app-test-b"]
  // Use this:
  (async.data.function_id == "app-test-a" || async.data.function_id == "app-test-b")`}
```
